README.md, before:

## About

- 项目属性：商城网站 | Type of Project: E-commerce Website
- 已发布｜ Deployed to https://one-mall.netlify.app
- 商家管理后台还未实现 ｜ Currently No admin dashboard yet...

### 技术栈 | Technology Stack

```javascript
vue-cli2 + vue2.5 + vue-router + vuex + axios
vuetify + Material Design Icons
node.js + express
mysql
```

### 功能列表 | Features and Functions

- [x] 登录注册 | Login & Registration
- [x] 商品详情 | Product List & Details Page (Very Simple Version)
- [x] 购物车管理 | Shopping Cart
- [x] 结算页面 | checkout (Including address management)
- [x] 在线支付 | Online Payment (Used Omise(Thailand) for testing)
- [x] 简易订单管理 (Not fully suppoted yet)

### How to run project after clone

```javascript

// For Client
....
cd Mall-vue-express
npm install
npm run dev

// For Server
// modify conf.sample.js & create your database first
cd Mall-vue-express/server
npm install
npm start

```

### Todos

- [ ] （Mall）Filter and Sorting...；
- [ ] （i18n）Not supported now；
- [ ] （数据库）商品分类及属性；
- [ ] （前端）商城商品分类下拉菜单，商品 Filter
- [ ] （前端）后台管理系统（商品，权限，员工，物流，订单管理，结算及发票等）

### Reminders

- Remember to copy create database, and configure connection in `server/conf/conf.js`
- The `server.crt`, and `server.key` can be used for enabling https, the configuration is in
  `/build/webpack.dev.conf.js:43-45`

### Collaborate?

如果想一起实现更多功能，请提 Issue ｜ Create Issue to collaborate;

Commit message:

front-end code has been split to client branch, with new features added

README.md, after:

## About

- 项目属性：商城网站 | Type of Project: E-commerce Website
- 已发布｜ Deployed to https://one-mall.netlify.app
- 商家管理后台还未实现 ｜ Currently No admin dashboard yet...

### 技术栈 | Technology Stack

```javascript
vue-cli2 + vue2.5 + vue-router + vuex + axios
vuetify + Material Design Icons
node.js + express
mysql
```

### 功能列表 | Features and Functions

- [x] 登录注册 | Login & Registration
- [x] 商品详情 | Product List & Details Page (Very Simple Version)
- [x] 购物车管理 | Shopping Cart
- [x] 结算页面 | checkout (Including address management)
- [x] 在线支付 | Online Payment (Used Omise(Thailand) for testing)
- [x] 简易订单管理 (Not fully suppoted yet)
- [x] 国际化 ｜ i18n supported now (2022-May-16), check it out on client branch

### How to run project after clone

```javascript

// For Client
....
cd Mall-vue-express
npm install
npm run dev

// For Server
// modify conf.sample.js & create your database first
cd Mall-vue-express/server
npm install
npm start

```

### Todos

- [ ] （Mall）Filter and Sorting...；
- [ ] （数据库）商品分类及属性；
- [ ] （前端）商城商品分类下拉菜单，商品 Filter
- [ ] （前端）后台管理系统（商品，权限，员工，物流，订单管理，结算及发票等）

### Reminders

- Remember to copy create database, and configure connection in `server/conf/conf.js`
- The `server.crt`, and `server.key` can be used for enabling https, the configuration is in
  `/build/webpack.dev.conf.js:43-45`

### Collaborate?

如果想一起实现更多功能，请提 Issue ｜ Create Issue to collaborate;
